Control structures in R allow you to
control the flow of an R program.
And are very similar to the control
structures that you might see in
other types of programming languages.
The basic constructs are things like,
if else for testing logical conditions.
The four for
executing a loop a fixed number of times.
While executes a loop
while a condition is true.
Repeat is a, is a construct
that allows you to just simp,
to immediately execute an infinite loop.
Break allows you to break
out of any type of loop.
And next,
skips to the iteration we will loop and
return allows you to exit a function.
So, most of these control structures
are not things that you use in
interactive sessions and not like, while
you are typing at the command line in R.
These are the kinds of things
that typically you would use
when you are writing a R program or
an R function.
It's a little bit more
of a structured format.